that guys in there is it it's not
unusual to put sort of meat and fish
together we think of surf and turf and
that sort of thing it's a classic
combination you know I think actually
this piece of halibut is very very rich
and it can stand up to tarifa or
whatever now if people can't find a
piece of halibut like that just just the
feel it will be fine left without the
bone through the middle yeah lovely yeah
the thing is about you know is that I'm
saying this takes six minutes people
cook fish
I think chuckling like a funeral yeah
people cook fish far too long
yeah they cook chicken passed along a
breast of chicken takes about six
minutes to cook given oh yeah yeah
there's all your pounds really hot and
this fish as we said will be cooked and
sick think the thing about it is as well
it actually cooks even though it's not
in the pan it's continuing to cooking it
yeah it just keeps on going
the other thing is of course but also of
it a little bit worried about food and
wouldn't be so carrots shallots and
onions a little bit of oil out our
sharifa on this time to sort of cook
down
yeah we answer that our things are these
tin beans or yeah just in bins are great
look do you know that this is the only
bean native to Europe every other bean
has been brought in from another
continent yeah that's a bean and I think
by I think I think teen pulses is a
really good way to go I mean if you buy
the dried ones you soak them overnight
and then cook up and they're really
delicious there are five but you know
the fact is it's in a teen and
everything for hundreds of years or 100
years okay so so and it's gonna swap
that over and look what we end up with
is how sort of thing here so how long
have you stood that down for about 15
minutes 15 20 minutes at the most so you
get it on before you get your fish going
and yeah and looking at that I mean
while you finish that off but that would
be just great just call them pure I
don't it as a dip until it is a dip yeah
lovely you did also you could put on it
and stops and cream and turn it into a
soup it's so simple just just started
yeah that sounds horrible it is but it's
really grim it's white thousand ways
with James a tree exactly there's no
sorry put that back that's my garnish
what stocks yes all right
like there's our lemon now to finish
this off it's really simple parsley in
there yeah and then a good squeeze of
lemon azouz you add the lemon
turn your Heat's off because the lemon
will cook yeah and you don't want that
sort of flavor of cooked letmein what
the freshness of that wonderful lemon
that goes with it so what we've got in
here is that wonderful sort of rich
chewy fo oily Greek Rita repo the beans
which are taking up all that flavor
fresh parsley right at the last minute
wonderful wonderful lemon our fish is
just about ready yeah and well there we
go it's not doing on that as well on
there please that's how you serve a
lemon that's proper wedge 11 hey you
know that's Australian blokes it's like
tussle it's like your York Sherman you
have used to wear a pink shirt which I
think smart how can you say that coming
out looking like this you know putting
darted all right does she call you
pudding I don't know we'll get onto that
later okay now I just get a lot of grief
a law degree for not met now at barbecue
you can put that in the barbecue oh yeah
but look imagine this a piece of Trina
look at the piece of swordfish whatever
you want to do with those brings a piece
of land whatever you want
it is absolutely fantastically delicious
so demand is what it is again it's roast
halibut butter beans chorizo and a
little bit of carrot to make nice and
sweet with lemon juice lovely